Brother, I just reminisced about it.
You are the first person in the world to protect me like this
It's what it feels like to be protected
Hey, hey, hey.
Who threw such a large lump of gold on the ground?
big brother
Why does this gold look like a piece of shit?
Hahaha, go away.
Ok bro
Come over today and I'll tell you.
I, Zhang Qiang, will mix with you in the future
Not for money, just for one
Here we go.
How heavy is that?
What's the matter? Are you surprised?
I heard that Mr. Huang gave you 100 million yuan.
Ouch so affectionate
Xiao Di's wife can't be bullied
Zhang Qiang is already your boyfriend
I broke up with him.
Master, hurry up
Brother Tao Brother Tao
Brother Tao, oops
I've never seen you so proactive
Maybe I'm too attractive.
Since the establishment of this system
I don't know what the next task is
But it's been a fulfilling life
What are you doing?
Isn't it obvious?
What about the security guard? Now the security guard has been posted upside down.
Why why?
Because I see gold as dung